well how's it going there everybody
Jared back again we've got another
useful app review for you guys today you
know I get a lot of comments in the
videos asking questions as well as
private messages from you guys I'm
asking me to compare the battery how
does the battery stand up on this kernel
how does the battery stand up on that
wrong or that device versus that device
there's so many different factors that
can take place or play a role in how the
performance of each individual devices
batteries kind of go so there's this
application here called battery compare
now there is a free version and as you
can see this is the pro version I paid
for the pro version because I do believe
this is an application highly worth your
99 cents and that's all it's worth in
the place where is a buck the free
version don't worry there's no
advertisements earnings like that
there's just limited functionality and
by that I mean if you want to be able to
take a look at previous benchmarks
because that's what this application is
is a battery benchmark application if
you can believe it or not in my opinion
it's the only one of its kind and the
place are so far that I've been able to
find and if there is any others I'd love
for you guys to let me know in the
comments below if there's any other
alternatives it's always nice to know
but anyways with the free version you're
unable to see previous benchmark scores
and comparisons whereas the pro version
allows you to do so so anyways right off
the hop here we've got the benchmark tab
select as you can see the UI of this
application is really cool and techie in
my opinion it looks really really neat
it's also moderately simplistic not too
difficult to understand so you guys
should all be able to take advantage of
this both rom flashers and people
without roots so if you're just wanting
to compare your phone with say for
instance your friends phone so anyways
you've got the options to auto stop now
generally they are not generally but the
developer says it needs at least one
hour of the benchmarking test to be able
to produce a actual legitimate benchmark
but you do have the option if you don't
want to pay attention
too because what you don't have to set
to it that's only the auto stop I can go
ahead and start it and then stop it
whenever the hell I want but if you
wanted to minimum one hour all the way
up to 24 hours say for instance you got
a nice full 100% charging you want to
see how well it performs within a 24
hour time period when you've got that
ability right there so if we were to go
ahead and click on start there I'm gonna
let this run for like two seconds here
and just for demonstration purposes
we're going to go ahead and hit stop now
like I mentioned before this isn't
enough time to give the application of
Full benchmark so I won't be able to
click on publish or anything like that
to publish the benchmarks but just to
give you guys an idea of what happens
after you stop the test you've got these
different options here to sort of filter
out or at least sort of determine or
help determine what made that benchmark
so you've got here the different usage
sort of levels here so minimal it's kind
of funny minimal you've got no one talks
to me Wi-Fi GPS 4G is off next one on
from that is light ignition key in the
calls and texts i have a few
applications next one up from that is
moderate used google maps played games
on the toilet and the next one I'm from
that is stream the lord of the rings
trilogy which I thought was friggin
hilarious generally for me it is light
to moderate usage those are what I've
done my past tests on and I scroll down
from there and you've got all these
different options are you using an
aftermarket battery yes or no how old is
the battery older than you we're using a
battery utility app like AKA you know
juicedefender any of those battery
performance saving applications that i
don't really trust are you running a
custom rom which i thought was really
really cool that is extremely important
for a lot of android users out there and
if a lot of you are following me for all
the custom rom review is that i do you
guys know what I'm talking about because
battery performance does change greatly
from rhamda rom and kernel to colonel
and so that's that's really neat and so
you can always remember settings as well
now because i didn't do at least one
hour of the benchmark you can see here
the benchmark duration is zero point
zero hours and but it gives you the
duration of the benchmark how much
battery was drained
in that duration type of battery using
the screen brightness level the
operating system version the colonel you
were running whether it's custom or
stock the manufacturer and model number
of your phone you go ahead and click
publish and they would bring you to
another screen which is compared and
this is where you would start comparing
your benchmark with that of other custom
roms devices Colonel the whole nine
yards guys it's all there for you to
compare no need to ask me anymore
because if you do i'm just going to
direct you to this application no I'm
just joking i'll give you guys my best
depending of the battery life regardless
but anyways if you are interested this
is a fantastic application now the
little star locate at the top right hand
corner there is the quote unquote big
board and this is where as you can see
here best phone models at light usage
minimum 20 benchmarks now from it from
what i'm getting out of that is each
phone or user no i'm sorry not user each
phone has been benchmarked 20 times with
that light usage and this is sort of the
result so as you can see rank number one
HTC one s wins out at thirty-three
percent battery drainage / eight hours
that's that's pretty damn impressive
guys and of course the and coming in
number six my own phone the GT i 9300 at
forty seven percent per eight hours
disappointing i'm going to assume that
was one on the ice cream sandwich billed
as well as well i don't know what the
hell else but nevertheless those are
interesting scores there i'm honestly
blown away the HTC One S is doing better
than the the samsung galaxy s3
nevertheless we also have Colonels here
so you can compare your kernels I'm not
seeing or haven't found any galaxy s3
related kernels however are I am seeing
some familiar Colonel names such as
franco.kernel and SIA obviously for the
samsung galaxy s2 nevertheless guys
really cool stuff here we also have a
settings menu now you got to publish
your first benchmark or as it says your
load a recently published benchmark and
you'll be able to muck around with
additional settings in there
unfortunately I can't show you right now
I even tried on the free version which I
do actually have a couple of benchmarks
that I've already run however it needs
me to run a new
benchmark to run in to jump into the
settings menu there and I'll tell you
right now there is a ton a ton of
customizable settings in there to sort
of give it get a better idea of how you
want to go about making your benchmark
anyways guys that's it for now
definitely go check it out you can at
least play with the free version which
is full functionality with the exception
of being able to look at previous
benchmark scores there's no ads or
anything like that in the free version
and it's it's just such an accurate and
useful application I'm really really
impressed with it and I don't know why
people haven't come out with an
application like this in the past
anyways guys that's it for now be
posting a link in the description below
for you guys to go download it of course
of course show you some love and maybe
you can show me some more love by
hitting that like button down below if
you enjoyed the video only if also if
you haven't already you might want to
consider subscribing for more videos
like this one in the future we got
videos five days a week guys five days a
week mmm anyways that's it for now guys
thank you very much for watching and we
shall see you in the next video Cheers